Use cases which appear in the various use case diagrams have been transcribed
here and given brief descriptions.

UC-1: Commission Camera

The process of connecting a new camera unit to the network for the first
time, and assigning a valid configuration to it. Consists of the 3 sub use
cases of "Connect Camera to Network", "Set Camera Name", and "Set Minimum
and Maximum Storage Locations."

UC-2: Connect Camera to Network

The process of initially connecting a camera unit to the user's local network.
May include setting a WiFi SSID and password, choosing DHCP or static IP, etc.

UC-3: Set Camera Name

The process of setting an easily understood, human-readable name for
the camera.

UC-4: Set Minimum and Maximum Storage Locations

The process of setting the "low water mark" and "high water mark" for
storage redundancy. That is, the lowest number of storage units that the
camera will store video to, as well as the highest number of storage
units that the camera will store video to, before it is satisfied that the
video data is successfully stored.

UC-5: Commission Storage Unit

The process of connecting a new storage unit to the network for the first
time, and assigning a valid configuration to it. Consists of the 3 sub use
cases of "Connect Storage Unit to Network", "Set Storage Unit Name", and
"Set Physical Medium for Storage."

UC-6: Connect Storage Unit to Network

The process of initially connecting a storage unit to the user's local network.
May include setting a WiFi SSID and password, choosing DHCP or static IP, etc.

UC-7: Set Storage Unit Name

The process of setting an easily understood, human-readable name for
the storage unit.

UC-8: Set Physical Medium for Storage

The process of selecting the physical storage device to use to store video
data. This may be the system drive, an SD card, flash drive, USB hard drive,
etc.

UC-9: Change System Configuration

The process of changing any configuration value for the existing system.
Consists of the sub use cases "Discover Camera Units", "Discover Storage Units",
and "Change Unit Configuration."

UC-10: Discover Camera Units

The process of finding all connected camera units on the local network.

UC-11: Discover Storage Units

The process of finding all connected storage units on the local network.

UC-12: Change Unit Configuration

The process of changing the configuration for a given unit. Consists of the
sub use cases "Change Network Settings", "Change Unit Name" and "Change
Type-Specific Configuration."

UC-13: Change Network Settings

The process of changing the settings to use for the user's local network.
May include changing the WiFi SSID and password, updating the IP address
configuration, etc.

UC-14: Change Unit Name

The process of changing the human-readable name for the unit.

UC-15: Change Type-Specific Configuration

The process of changing type-specific configurations for a unit. This may be
the storage redundancy level for camera units, or the physical storage medium
to use for storage units.

UC-16: Change Minimum and Maximum Storage Locations

The process of changing the "low water mark" or "high water mark" for
storage redundancy.

UC-17: Change Physical Medium for Storage

The process of changing the physical storage device to use to store video
data on a storage unit.

UC-18: Explore Stored Video

The process of browsing, retrieving, and viewing a previously stored video.
Consists of the sub use cases of "Discover Storage Units", "Get Thumbnails",
"Display Thumbnails", "Get Video", and "Display Video."

UC-19: Get Thumbnails

The process of retrieving thumbnail data from previously stored videos.

UC-20: Display Thumbnails

The process of displaying thumbnails from stored videos.

UC-21: Get Video

The process of retrieving previously stored videos.

UC-22: Display Video

The process of displaying a previously stored video.

UC-23: Store Video

The process of storing a video that was captured.

UC-24: Curate Video

The process of assessing previously stored videos (sizes and dates of capture),
assessing available storage space, and removing stored videos as necessary
to retain the ability to store newly captured video.

UC-25: Signal Major Error

The process of visually signalling that a major error has occurred which
impacts the ability of a given unit to perform its primary function.
