Use cases which appear in the various use case diagrams have been transcribed
here and given brief descriptions.

UC-1: Commission Camera
The process of connecting a new camera unit to the system for the first
time, and assigning a valid configuration to it. Consists of the 3 sub use
cases of "Set Unit Name", "Configure Communications", and "Set Type-Specific
Configuration."

UC-2: Commission Storage Unit
The process of connecting a new storage unit to the system for the first
time, and assigning a valid configuration to it. Consists of the 3 sub use
cases of "Set Unit Name", "Configure Communications", and "Set Type-Specific
Configuration."

UC-3: Configure Communications
The process of initially setting up a camera or storage unit so that it can
communicate with other units in the system.

UC-4: Set Unit Name
The process of setting an easily understood, human-readable name for
a new camera or storage unit.

UC-5: Set Type-Specific Configuration
The process of setting configuration values that are specific to the unit
type for the first time. Part of this process will be the same regardless of
unit type (hence this use case exists), but this use case is also extended
by the use cases "Set Physical Medium for Storage" and "Set Minimum and
Maximum Storage Locations" for storage units and camera units, respectively.

UC-6: Set Physical Medium for Storage
The process of selecting the physical storage device to use to store video
data. This may be the system drive, an SD card, flash drive, USB hard drive,
etc.

UC-7: Set Minimum and Maximum Storage Locations
The process of initially setting the "minimum acceptable" and "maximum allowed"
level of storage redundancy. That is, the fewest number of storage locations
that a camera must store video data on and the maximum number of locations that
a camera may store video data on before considering the data safely stored.

UC-8: Change System Configuration
The process of changing any configuration value for the existing system.
Consists of the sub use cases "Discover Camera Units", "Discover Storage Units",
"Get Current Configuration", "Reconfigure Communications", "Change Unit Name",
and "Change Type-Specific Configuration."

UC-9: Discover Camera Units
The process of finding all connected camera units in the system.

UC-10: Discover Storage Units
The process of finding all connected storage units in the system.

UC-11: Get Current Configuration
The process of retrieving the current configuration being used by a given unit.

UC-12: Reconfigure Communications
The process of changing the communication settings that will be used to
communicate with other units within the system.

UC-13: Change Unit Name
The process of changing the human-readable name for the unit.

UC-14: Change Type-Specific Configuration
The process of changing type-specific configurations for a unit. Part of this
process will be the same regardless of unit type, but this use case is also
extended by the use cases "Change Physical Medium for Storage" and "Change
Minimum and Maximum Storage Locations" for storage units and camera
units, respectively.

UC-15: Change Minimum and Maximum Storage Locations
The process of changing the "low water mark" or "high water mark" of
storage redundancy for a camera unit. See "Set Minimum and Maximum Storage
Locations" for details.

UC-16: Change Physical Medium for Storage
The process of changing the physical storage device to use to store video
data on a storage unit. See "Set Physical Medium for Storage" for details.

UC-17: Explore Stored Video
The process of browsing, retrieving, and viewing a previously stored video.
Consists of the sub use cases of "Discover Storage Units", "Get Thumbnails",
"Display Thumbnails", "Get Video", and "Display Video."

UC-18: Get Thumbnails
The process of retrieving thumbnail data from previously stored videos.

UC-19: Display Thumbnails
The process of displaying thumbnails from stored videos.

UC-20: Get Video
The process of retrieving previously stored videos.

UC-21: Display Video
The process of displaying a previously stored video.

UC-22: Store Video
The process of storing a video that was captured.

UC-23: Curate Video
The process of assessing previously stored videos (sizes and dates of capture),
assessing available storage space, and removing stored videos as necessary
to retain the ability to store newly captured video.

UC-24: Signal Major Error
The process of visually signalling that a major error has occurred which
impacts the ability of a given unit to perform its primary function.

UC-25: Capture Video
The process of capturing video from an attached camera.
